# Terms of Use for the Mortality Tables contained in this package

The following Terms of Use apply to your use of the tables and all content contained in the tables (the “Data”) as available on the SOA website at www.soa.org or such other site where SOA may post the Data (the “Website”). The Society of Actuaries (“SOA”) may revise these Terms of Use at any time in its sole discretion by posting revised Terms of Use to the SOA website. Your continued use of the Data confirms your acceptance of the Terms of Use posted at the time of your use.

SOA provides the Data as a service to its members and others for informational purposes only.
1. Warranties Disclaimed. The Data is provided “AS IS” and “AS AVAILABLE.” SOA does not provide any express or implied representation or warranty of any kind including without limitation any representation or warranty that (a) the Data is complete, accurate, reliable, or non-infringing, (b) access to the Data will be uninterrupted, timely, secure or error free, (c) the quality of any Data obtained by you will meet your expectations or (d) the Data will remain unchanged or accessible on the Website. ALL WARRANTIES EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, ARE DISCLAIMED TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND/OR NON-INFRINGEMENT OF INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY.
2. Limitation of Liability. SOA shall not be liable and hereby disclaims any liability for, any claim, loss, or damage, direct or indirect, including without limitation, compensatory, consequential, incidental, indirect, special, exemplary or punitive damages of any kind whatsoever in connection with, as a result of arising out of (a) the use or inability to use the Data, (b) the use, reference to or reliance on the Data, (c) any third party materials, information, or content contained in the Data, (d) any accuracy or inaccuracy of the Data, or (e) any other matter relating to the Data.
3. Remedy. In the event you are dissatisfied with or dispute these Terms of Use or the Data, your sole right and exclusive remedy is to terminate your use of the Data even if that remedy is deemed to fail of its essential purpose.
4. Your Obligations. SOA has the right to review and update the Data, but is not obligated to do so. SOA does not validate the Data. You are responsible for verifying the accuracy of the Data. You understand and agree that you are personally responsible for your use of the Data. You agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless SOA, its directors, officers, employees, agents and assigns from and against all losses, expenses, damages, costs (including but not limited to direct, incidental, consequential, exemplary, punitive and direct damages; reasonable attorney fees, resulting from or arising out of your use, misuse or inability to use the Data). You are responsible for your compliance with all applicable laws.
5. General. These Terms of Use will be governed by the internal laws of the State of Illinois, without regard to its choice of law provisions. You agree that any action arising out of or relating to the Terms of use may be brought only in a court of competent jurisdiction in Cook County, Illinois and you hereby consent to the jurisdiction, venue and convenience of such courts.

*[from Terms of use at mort.SOA.org](https://mort.soa.org/TermsOfUse.aspx) *
